Header related updates. New `useSafeAreaInsetsStyle` hook. Documentation updates. (#2307)
infinitered/ignite: docs/Utils.md

# Collection of helpful utilities

> Here you can find a library of utilities that are used often within your application. This includes hooks, helper functions, and various tools.

Reviewer: I miss the humor we used to inject in these things.

```suggestion
Here you can find a library of utilities that are used often within your application next to the stapler, tape, scissors and migraine meds. This includes hooks, helper functions, and that thing from that wedding.
```

(Don't accept this...lol)
